Final batch of scrubs (outside of glossary) (#275)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: supporting_content/columns/chargetype.md

  - Credits are typically based on agreements for migration of workloads
  - AWS handling for SPs: Anniversary charge (BillType) Savings Plan for $1 and a negation for UsageType (for -0.50)
- Is it Recurring or not? (Attribute about the Purchase?)

> - What Charge Categorys can BE recurring?
> - What Charge Categorys for "Free Tier" with usage limits and "Free Trial" offers?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What Charge Category values can BE recurring?
- What Charge Category values for "Free Tier" with usage limits and "Free Trial" offers?
```

> - What Charge Categorys can BE recurring?
> - What Charge Categorys for "Free Tier" with usage limits and "Free Trial" offers?

Author: ```suggestion
- What Charge Categories can BE recurring?
- What Charge Categories for "Free Tier" with usage limits and "Free Trial" offers?
```
